# Deines, Wang, & Lobell 2019: Derived data and analysis code

1 November 2019  
Code by: Jillian Deines with contributions from Sherrie Wang   
Contact: jillian.deines@gmail.com  

This codebase accompanies the paper:

Deines, JM, S Wang, & DB Lobell. 2019. Satellites reveal a small positive yield effect from conservation tillage across the US Corn Belt. Environmental Research Letters. DOI: https://doi.org/10.1088/1748-9326/ab503b

## Contents

### Data
All data needed to reproduce the original analyses and figures from Deines et al. 2019 can be found in the zipped `data` folder stored in a separate Zenodo repository at https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.3525346. This includes the field-level samples derived from the input annual tillage and yield map datasets, along with associated covariates. Due to privacy concerns, field locations are reported by county only (latitude and longitude have been removed), and the input map datasets are not publicly available but may obtained from their sources upon reasonable request.

For best integration with the associated code, download this file and place the unzipped `data` folder in this repo at the same level as `code` and `figure`. Alternatively, modify the directory path at the top of each script for the location of this `data` folder.


**Data included**

* `data/tabular_field_data`: Field-level data tables for each analysis including tillage status, year, yield, and environmental covariables. Provided in .csv and .rds (R data storage) formats
* `data/model_output`: Intermediate and final model outputs from the `causal forests` analyses, in R data storage format (.rds). Model output was generated by the scripts contained in the `code` folder (below).
* `data/gis`: GIS raster and polygon files map figures 2 and 3

### Code

* Code to perform all paper analyses and generate figures in the paper 

Script filenames are numbered in sequential order of use. Processing is done using [R Markdown](https://rmarkdown.rstudio.com/) within an R project structure. OPerational scripts have extension .Rmd; knitted outputs in .md (for easing viewing on Github) and .html (for desktop viewing) are also provided.

### Figure
Figure output from scripts used to generate figures in the main text.

